    Put the beans in the bowl of water and
    leave it for 24 hours so it can be soft.
    Put the beans in the food processor
    until the beans become mashed and soft
    after that we add a bit of garlic powder and
    one table spoon of salt.
    Make the beans into a circle shape.
    Fry until it becomes a colour golden
    brown.
    Put all the ingredients into a medium
    size bowl and mix.
    Heat the frying oil in the frying pan, and
    while it is heating, shape the mixture into
    the shape you want them to be.
    Next put 10 of the pakoras into the
    pan until they are golden brown, then put
    in other batch and do the same. They are
    ready to serve.
    Place the onion, potatos, swede, garlic,
    carrots and parsnips in a large pan.
    Cover with 900ml of boiling water,
    bring to boil, reduce the heat and simmer
    for 15 min.
    Add the curry powder and chat masala, stir and cook for further 2 minutes.
    Add the rice and stirring often, cook
    for 20 min until the rice is cooked and the
    liquid has been absorbed.
    Serve sprinkled with chopped coriander.
    Place all the ingredients into a bowl.
    Add ¼ cup of water and mix together.
    Once the mixture is all mixed together
    and ready deep fry in a deep fryer.
    Cook until they are golden brown.
    Boil the potatos with their skin on.
    When its cooked, skin them and cut
    then into cubes.
    Fry them in a pan with a little oil until
    golden brown.
    Chop the onions and cook them with
    garlic and wait until it is light brown.
    Put the chopped tomatoes, chicken
    and salt, garam masala, green chilli, corriander. Fry in medium heat.
    Every 5 minutes, check if the water has
    dried and stir for 15-20 minutes.
    Mix the semolina with khoya thoroughly
    to make dough. Keep dough over a bowl
    full of water for 1 hour .This helps in making
    Gulab Jamun light and spongy.
    After one hour make homogeneous
    dough and then separate them into small
    round balls as shown in the image.
    For the sugar syrup add two cups of
    water and the sugar and let it simmer.
    Add Cardamom powder and Saffron
    to it.
    Take oil / ghee in fry pan and Fry the
    dough balls. Fry carefully as they are very
    delicate. Fry till they attains golden brown
    color. Immediately put them in Sugar syrup
    and let them soak.
    Place the mango flesh in a food processor with the sweetener and yogurt.
    Blend until smooth.
    Pour into a freezer-proof container.
    Freeze for 2 / 3 hours or until the sides
    and the base of the sorbet have started to
    set but center is still liquid.
    Beat the mixture with a fork and then
    return to the freezer for 4 -5 hours or until
    firm, beating every 30 – 40 min to break up
    ince crystals.
    Transfer the sorbet to fridge for 10 – 15
    mintures before scooping into bowls.
    Serve garnished with fresh mango slices.
    Put water and flour in a bowl.
    Sprinkles a pinch of salt and mix.
    Buy 1 kg of white plain rice
    then put water in a bowl .
    Buy 4 bt of cake then custard flour.
    half a gallon
    of milk. Boil the milk. Put in
    the custard flour and 5 small
    spoons or large spoons mix.
    Mix the lemon juice with the hot water
    and put aside.
    Boil the milk in a heavy bottomed pan
    over medium heat, stirring occasionally
    making sure not to burn the milk.
    As the milk comes to a boils and the
    lemon mixture gradually and stir the milk
    gently. The curd will start separating from
    the whey, turn off the heat.
    Once the milk fat has separated from
    the whey, drain the whey using a strainer
    line with cheese cloth or muslin cloth.
    Wrap the curd in a muslin cloth, rinse
    under cold water and squeeze well. This
    process takes out the sourness from the
    lemon.
    To take out the excess water, press
    the wrapped paneer under a heavy pan for
    about 1 hour.
    Mix most of the chopped ginger and
    chopped nuts in a bowl with the other
    ingredients.
    Transfer the mixture to a shallow freezer
    proof container and freeze for 4 hours or
    until firm, stiring every 30 minutes to prevent ice cristals forming.
    To serve, scoop the ice cream into
    bowls and garnish with the remaining
    chopped ginger and nuts.
    Fill the sauce pan, not all to the top
    bring to a boil and add rice. When boiled
    put low heat and simmer till rice is soft and
    mushy. If the wate reduced and rice is not
    cooked. You can add more water.
    When it is cooked add sugar and if you
    want more flavour, open cardamom pools
    and add seeds only.
    Stir then add milk enough to cover rice,
    bring to boil then lower heat and stir.
    Put heat up again to this, three times
    stirring occasionally.
    When kheer is done leave it to cool.
    You can have kheer warm of cold. You
    can also add broke pieces of almonds and
    pistachios and serve.
    Seperate egg yolks, add sugar and
    mascarpone, beat until light and creamy.
    Put coffee and cacao in the batter.
    Then quickly dip the fingers in the cold
    coffee top with 2 tbsp of cacao – mascarpone mixture.
    Then one lady finger, and 2 tbsp of
    coffee-mascarpone mixture, finish it with
    dust of chocolate. Repeat it until it is few
    layers and done.
    Heat oil in a large pan, add the onion,
    then fry for 5 mins until softened. Stir in the
    ground coriander and potato, then cook for
    1 min.
    Add the carrots and stock, bring to the
    boil, then reduce the heat. Cover and cook
    for 20 mins until the carrots are tender.
    Tip into food processor with the coriander then blitz until smooth (you may need
    to do this in two batches). Return to pan,
    taste, add salt if necessary, then reheat to
    serve.
